spelling of PR title
commit message:
"publiclly." => "publicly"
Previously student results were only shown on the public scoreboard if
equal to or better than the median score.


Other changes in that PR:

reword/reformat contest view

check that deleted page isn't important


Posted:

> protected/private description

As far as I can tell, setting the contest observation to "private" actually the same effect as "protected".
The field was added in commit fb341af with the comment
> for observers: public (everyone), protected (groups it is added to even if not competing), private (only if competing)
The logic was added in commit b298d94, and only checks if the field is set to "public"; otherwise the behaviour matches the description of "protected".
I don't think "private" is useful. It *almost* helps with an issue discussed in chat:
> users that start later have a slight advantage in terms of information, since they are able to see which problems/subtasks have been solved by more users
However, to solve this issue "private" would need to only show the scoreboard *after* the user finished competing (as opposed to during).
I don't think it makes sense to use the observation field for that. I suggest that we combine "private" and "protected" into a single option called "private" with the current behaviour for non-public contests, and use separate options (like the "live scoreboard" option suggested in this PR) to control whether individual problem scores are shown.

Related: Filelinks also have public/protected/private visibility, where "protected" means the user can view the file if *not* competing. I don't understand why that is; see issue #106.

> default of 3 hours
Setting the default time saves some hassle in the common case, but I prefer leaving the default blank so the user can't forget to set it.
(Ideally the field should be validated for presence, along with most of the other fields; but that belongs in a separate PR. I added it to my todo -- and also to fix crash that currently occurs if validation fails, e.g. because the name is blank...)
